bindsym $mod+Shift+minus move scratchpad
bindsym $mod+minus scratchpad show

bindsym $mod+Shift+Ctrl+1 mark "sp1", move scratchpad
bindsym $mod+Shift+Ctrl+2 mark "sp2", move scratchpad
bindsym $mod+Shift+Ctrl+3 mark "sp3", move scratchpad
bindsym $mod+Shift+Ctrl+4 mark "sp4", move scratchpad
bindsym $mod+Shift+Ctrl+5 mark "sp5", move scratchpad
bindsym $mod+Shift+Ctrl+6 mark "sp6", move scratchpad
bindsym $mod+Shift+Ctrl+7 mark "sp7", move scratchpad
bindsym $mod+Shift+Ctrl+8 mark "sp8", move scratchpad
bindsym $mod+Shift+Ctrl+9 mark "sp9", move scratchpad
bindsym $mod+Shift+Ctrl+0 mark "sp0", move scratchpad
bindsym $mod+Shift+grave mark "sp`", move scratchpad
bindsym $mod+Shift+tab mark "sp`", move scratchpad

bindsym $mod+Ctrl+1 [con_mark="sp1"] scratchpad show
bindsym $mod+Ctrl+2 [con_mark="sp2"] scratchpad show
bindsym $mod+Ctrl+3 [con_mark="sp3"] scratchpad show
bindsym $mod+Ctrl+4 [con_mark="sp4"] scratchpad show
bindsym $mod+Ctrl+5 [con_mark="sp5"] scratchpad show
bindsym $mod+Ctrl+6 [con_mark="sp6"] scratchpad show
bindsym $mod+Ctrl+7 [con_mark="sp7"] scratchpad show
bindsym $mod+Ctrl+8 [con_mark="sp8"] scratchpad show
bindsym $mod+Ctrl+9 [con_mark="sp9"] scratchpad show
bindsym $mod+Ctrl+0 [con_mark="sp0"] scratchpad show
bindsym $mod+grave [con_mark="sp`"] scratchpad show
bindsym $mod+tab [con_mark="sp`"] scratchpad show
